cat|mouse|lion|gazelle|shark|sea lion|robin|worm|snakes|mice|man|pizza|pig|slop|panda|bamboo|horse|hay|bunny|carrot
hand|glove|head|hat|food|oven|water|pitcher|foot|shoe|picture|frame|butt|chair|car|garage|clothes|dryer|plant|soil
food|plate|diaper|baby|cheese|pizza|paint|wall|blinds|window|smile|face|ketchup|fries|icing |cake|placemat|table|quilt|bed
a|I|be|to|ace|lei|door|cool|going|gland|friend|cleans|hurried|blender|air|boy|menu|beer|weave|prize
puppy|dog|cub|bear|baby|human|tadpole|frog|lamb|sheep|calf|cow|kid|goat|fawn |deer|bee|larva|piglet|pig
ball |doughnut|frying pan|frisbee|television|cookie sheet|snake|hose|wine bottle|tree trunk|cross|the letter X|envelope flap|pyramid|suitcase|laptop|box|printer|hula hoop|record
bill|breakfast|coffee|cry|rage|rinse|freeze|friend|train|tips|egg|enjoy|umbrella|under|ice|implant|mother|moth|pizza|each pair starts with same letter
up|down|dark|light|day|night|happy|sad|white|black|cold|hot|fast|slow|mean|nice|dumb|smart|great|decent
hula|hoop|quick|start|freeze|frame|house|sitter|swimming |pool|mardi|gras|shovel|head|tea|cup|house|hold|flip|flop
beach|belch|swim|slim|while|style|hurt|dirt|coffee|bee|strife|knife|rode|hide|nick|stuck|tire|sure|lock|sick
coop|tool|been|feet|bummer|dimmer|fatter|hitter|taller|filler|digger|bugger|dinner|sinner|loose|moor|hissed|toss|hurry|lorry
cat|feline|dog|pooch|dresser|armoire|record|album|bedspread|comfortor|water|h2o|couch|sette|toss|lob|stick|twig|hop|jump
piece|peace|hair|hare|knight|night|sea|see|eye|I|weigh|way|lei|lay|two|too|hear|here|there|their
blood|strawberry|sky|smurf|ghost|cloud|sun|banana|carrot|peach|leaf|moss|rock|elephant|grape|violet|snow|cotton|oil|night
cow|steak|pig|bacon|lamb|veal|snail|escargo|potato|fries|squid|calamari|fish eggs|caviar|raw fish|sushi|liver|pate|pig fat|cracklins
car|garage|nest|tree|bed|bedroom|boat|sea|couch|house|stove|kitchen|computer|office|toilet|bathroom|shoe|closet|grass|yard
can|tan|hill|still|fall|call|smart|tart|dine|fine|book|nook|dark|hark|since|quince|hire|tire|state|wait
polyester|shirt|ceramic|tea cup|wood|house|plastic|cup|stone|patio|concrete|sidewalk|tin|can|wool|socks|glass|windshield|rubber|tire
punch|bruise|fire|warmth|match|flame|blizzard |snow|power outage|darkness|candle|light|pregnancy|baby|wedding|marriage|promotion|raise|college|diploma
35|39|62|66|71|75|82|86|13|17|1|5|8|12|16|20|24|28|33|37
grip|great|brunch|bring|flies|flex|glean|glow|plop|plural|blow|bling|trim|treat|crazy|cream|freed|fry|this|that
sweet|candy|salty|peanut|creamy|yogurt|spicy|taco|crunchy|corn chips|sour|lemon|tart|blackberry|dry|toast|chewy|jerky|wobbly|jello
actor|act|teacher|teach|dancer|dance|student|learn|mechanic|fix cars|doctor|heal|dentist|clean teeth|nurse|help|police|protect|judge|decree
fingers|hand|toes|feet|blades|grass|branches|tree|petals|flower|months|year|book|pages|sand|beach|animals|zoo|people|family
codes|coeds|tabs|bats|sublet|subtle|trials|trails|burden|burned|lamp|palm|cents|scent|egos|goes|feel|flee|staple|plates
brownie|cookie|hamburger|hotdog|eggs|bacon|steak|potato|pancakes|waffles|soup|sandwich|pie|cake|coffee|tea|sausage|french toast|roast beef|turkey
hungry|eat|tired|sleep|thirsty|drink|hot|cool off|cold|warm up|dumb|learn|lonely|make friend|dirty|shower|wet|dry off|fat|diet
eat|ate|live|lived|sang|sung|rang|rung|hang|hung|die|died|marry|married|read|read|sleep|slept|smile|smiled
baby|mommy|house|garage|cake|icing|car|key|envelope|letter|boat|water|motor|gas|student|school|ocean|shark|dog|leash
plus|slop|raid|dire|plug|glop|dig|God|fled|deaf|swish|homes|lob|bowl|maid|dam|jade|enjoy|knife|eek
maybe|baby|fart|heart|lick|tick|wed|fed|guage|wage|cable|stable|mix|fix|start|mart|bled|tred|mate|state
write|paper |paint|canvas|sculpt|marble|carve|wood|blow|glass|weave|wool|crochet|yarn|melt|plastic|smelt|metal|plant |flowers
skunk|bad|cologne|strong|flower|sweet|ocean|salty|oranges |tart|barbaque|smoky|rake|earthy|baby|new|laundry|fresh|shower|clean
whale|pod|lion|pride|wolf|pack|bird|flock|cow|herd|fish|school|geese|gaggle|soldiers|army|ants|colony|crabs|cast
caterpillar|Carolina|beautiful|satisfied|mountain|taco|hey|big|bubble|awesome|multiple|decimal|pandemonium|hippopotamus|hopper|quiet|quick|late|dandelion|watermelon
crawl|baby|walk|person|gallop|horse|slither|snake|swim |fish|float|duck|swing|monkey|climb|squirrel|hop|bunny|flip|gymnast
file|papers|stack|dishes|spray|water|blink|eyes|kick|cans|throw|balls|jump|hurdle|break|rule|keep|promise|frame|photo
block|black|wimp|wipe|late|tall|trap|pate|fled|lead|brat|abet|wish|shin|slit|tile|mega|amen|bear|earn
plant|tick|kin|nerd|dragon|never|raisin|nice|egret|tiled|dip|party|yep|pig|goofy|yesterday|yarn|nods|smack|kill
crayon|pen|tricycle|car|bib|tie|bottle|glass|milk|wine|crib|bed|school|work|freedom|responsibility|diaper|underwear|booties|sock
hit|punch|lob|wing|smile|grin|cry|sob|glance|stare|wipe|scrub|flutter|soar|hop |leap|whisper|yell|giggle|guffaw
drizzle|downpour|ripple|tsunami|wind|hurricane|crack|earthquake|warm|blazing|cool|freezing|pretty|gorgeous|thin|guant|overweight|obese|smart|genius
skyscraper|high|arctic|north|feet|down|mountain|up|hill|over|ground|under|valley|through|river|winding|sky|above|hands|out
blacktop|licorice|fog|snow|dirt|branch|sand|day|night|cola|milk|cream|tea|licorice|foam|shell|whiskey|cue ball|star|teeth
tennis|yellow|football|brown|basketball|orange|golf|white|wiffle|white|soccer|multi|bocce|multi|pool|multi|volleyball|white|lacrosse|multi
football|pass|soccer|kick|basketball|shoot|golf|swing|swim|stroke|wrestle|pin|volleyball|spike|fish|cast|dance|pirouette|hockey|shot
Johnny|Ring|Jim|Riders|Madonna|Holiday|Elvis|Suede|Frank|New York|Cher|Time|Micheal|Thriller|John|Imagine|Dean|Amore|Jimi|Haze
Goldie|Kate|Madonna|Lourdes|Angelina|Shiloh|Kim|North|Katie|Suri|Micheal|Paris|Elvis|Lisa Marie|Kate|George|Frank|Nancy|Nick|George
cat|meow|dog|bark|owl|hoot|duck|quack|bird|tweet|cow|moo|horse|neigh|sheep|bleats|bee|buzz|snake|hiss
birth|death|appetizer|dessert|foreward|conclusion|morning|night|kindergarten|highschool|seed|plant|egg|chicken|simmer|boil|baby|adult|tadpole|frog